Integrated Lending contracts (#51)
xtokenmarket/js: AddingNewAssets.md

# Guide to adding new xTokens / Contracts in xtoken-js

```sh

> - Add abis, constants and addresses in xtoken-abis package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ABIs, constants and addresses in `[abis](https://github.com/xtokenmarket/abis)` package
```
